+++
title = "Blog03"
date = "2025-05-19T12:00:00-05:00"
draft = false
+++

I've replaced VS Code with Emacs for the time being. Doom Emacs, but Emacs nonetheless. I think it's been a little over a year since I've been on social media. Making a LinkedIn account the other day was pretty gross with the "shorts" and just general problematic social media structure. I sure don't miss Instagram. I guess I'm still on socia media if you count Youtube. I just don't think I can part with it—the knowledge on there is too substantial to give up. Although I have drasticallly reduced Youtube usage on my phone and keep it mostly desktop these days. It helps that I have a FireFox plugin that heavily mods Youtube for me. I'm always in theater mode so the only thing I can see is the video unless i click out of theater mode. Even when I do exit theater mode, everythinhg is essentially black and only where my mouse hovers is lit up. Plus I've disabled shorts from my homepage and search results. So
therefore, I'm not inlcuding Youtube in the social media group, as long as I watch healthy content and not brain-rotting garbage. Youtube is the only Alphabet company product I'm now using, and I think I acept the trade off of the theft of hoarding of my personal information in order to use Youtube since it's quite possibly the largest pool of human knowledge there is—or at least it's certainly the easiest to digest. So far, the Proton suite has been great for me. I really don't have any gripes about their products worth mentioning. And, if anyone is queasy about the price for the premium subscription (which you really need), I'd argue that it's much better, and morally sound, to pay for the product rather than to be the product.

I'm currently enrolled in an online cyber security course and have just completed the network security module. This is probably my weakest area of technology in general. The module helped but I still have a lot to learn. I just started *Computer Networking: a Top Dwn Approach* and i think it will be an excellent resource to cover all my inefficiencies about the internet and Networks. *Networking* maxes out my current reading material, which includes *Python Crash Course* and *How Computers Really Work*. Both of those books are great, especially with the practical applicatipons and hands-on exercises—(the most important part in learning technology). I first tried reading *Learning Python* but found it too theoretical for the phase of learning I'm currently in. Still a great book, just have put it on the back-burner for now while I mostly enagage with material that directly help me complete the projects I am working on.
